you know something my nose itches in
that means something when I was a kid
mm-hmm still desk you knows it is it
means you're gonna kiss a fool now I get
it
you finished the job he started out too
didn't you what job was that being your
Fichte so I never had a chance where
they're old follow-through Davis how
long do you wait a minute I got the kiss
you good-bye don't honey he's a funny
guy
well sure he's funny he kills people
kills him death funny sweet to her no
harm in a minute Cobra are you wasting
your time honey I'm down in my last 20
bucks well in my country we have an old
saying money isn't everything your
country oh and I know my address is Park
Avenue ten to one it was Brooklyn first
I haven't got it tattooed on me anyplace
have I not only plays it shield so the
kid kisses like a puppy yeah well just
be patient with Emilio full-grown dog it
runs in the family
I thought you would I thought I could
make you crush your own brother
you